hey what's going on my friends it is
hero we're taking a look at the
Philosopher's Stone the Philosopher's
Stone is dropped by the mimic he drops a
lot of stuff in this game and basically
what this does is it reduces the
cooldown of healing potions it's an
accessory if you want to get the mimic
he's underground you're not gonna find
him in a an aboveground chest you're
just gonna have to go find him and
hopefully you get lucky
well what this does is it reduces the
healing potion time that you have to
wait by 15 seconds so I'm gonna use a
potion it says I have 60 seconds to wait
we're gonna put this on my accessories
right and now we're gonna have to wait
until this this cools down below 60
seconds oh look at that I never even
noticed that they put an X there
interesting I never even noticed that
they put a black X I don't even know
what the black X stood for but basically
it reduces the cooldown by 15 seconds so
as soon as this gets down to zero I'll
show you guys that actually reduces the
cooldown while we're waiting give the
video a thumbs up and add it to your
favorites and if you've never seen my
videos before you should subscribe I put
out tons of videos on all kinds of
different video game stuff right now I'm
really into terraria and I've played
this game just a massive amount I mean
it I've got to play this game next to a
thousand hours it's ridiculous okay so
now the healing potions are done right I
use the restoration potion again look
only 45 seconds so it reduces the time
that you have to wait by by 15 seconds
how crazy is that so it's awesome you
definitely need to get this item so
thumbs up the video and add it to your
favorites and if you haven't seen any of
my other videos here is my terraria
let's play and my Skyward Sword let's
play I hope you guys are having an
awesome day my friend
and I'll talk to you guys later bye I
really like wings I think they're the
best thing they added to the game just
saying just saying I think they're
definitely the best thing they added to
the game